[Detection Engine] - Exceptions flyout not loading or extremely slow (#3471)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.7.asciidoc

[[release-notes-8.7.1]]
=== 8.7.1

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.7.1]]
==== Known issues

> The **Add exceptions flyout** loads indefinitely and an out of memory error displays when a rule has a large number of unmapped fields in multiple indices. To avoid this issue, use the <<exceptions-api-overview,exception APIs>> to manage exceptions.

Author: Discussed this with @yctercero and am resolving the thread since we don't typically include foward-looking statements in known issue summaries.

* Enabling malware protection on Linux hosts might cause {elastic-defend} to enter a failed state when mount points are unmounted, which will stop the integration from working. To fix this, turn off <<malware-protection,malware protection>> on the {elastic-defend} integration policy.

> * The **Add exceptions flyout** loads indefinitely and an out of memory error displays in the **Add exceptions flyout** if a rule's indices has a large number of fields.

Author: @e40pud @yctercero would you mind reviewing this for accuracy? TIA!

Reviewer: As for the API, it depends what is the intention: to read exceptions users will use [Get](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/master/exceptions-api-get-item.html) API, to create/update users will use [Create](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/master/exceptions-api-create-exception-item.html)/[Update](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/master/exceptions-api-update-item.html) APIs.

Maybe we can point them to the [main page](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/master/exceptions-api-overview.html) for working with exceptions.

Author: Thanks, @e40pud! Making those changes below:
 
```suggestion
* The **Add exceptions flyout** loads indefinitely and an out of memory error displays when a rule has a large number of unmapped fields in multiple indices. To avoid this issue, use the <<exceptions-api-overview,exception APIs>> to manage exceptions.
```
